[ENH] Release protocol notes (#304)
bids-standard/bids-specification: Release_Protocol.md

$ git checkout -b rel/1.2.0 upstream/master
```

> ### 2. Update the version in the changelog and mkdocs.yml 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Update the version in the changelog and mkdocs.yml
```

Reviewer 2: Since we're putting the contributors here, let's just make this heading more descriptive of the section contents.

```suggestion
### 2. Update the version and the contributors list
```

In the figure below, we update `v1.2.0-dev` to `v1.2.0`.
![dev-to-stable](release_images/site_name_release_1.2dev-1.2.png "dev-to-stable")

Note: this will make our continuous integration ([CircleCI](https://circleci.com/)) fail. This fails because the URL of the new ReadTheDocs rendering has not been generated at this time. It will be generated once the GitHub release has been completed. 

> #### 2a. Ensure the [Contributors appendix](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/blob/master/src/99-appendices/01-contributors.md) is synced with the [Contributors wiki](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/wiki/Contributors)

Reviewer 2: Seems a little weird to make this a sub-heading. I suggested an update to L38. Now how about:

```suggestion
Synchronize the [Contributors appendix](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/blob/master/src/99-appendices/01-contributors.md)
with the [Contributors wiki page](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/wiki/Contributors)
to ensure all contributors are duly credited.
Be sure not to remove credits if both have been edited.
```

$ git push -u upstream rel/1.2.0
```

If the Contributors needed to be updated:

```Shell

> $ git add src/CHANGES.md mkdocs.yml src/99-appendices/01-contributors.md

Reviewer 2: Just add this to (what's currently) L70. Adding a file with no changes has no effect.

Click "Publish release".

> Note: It will take ReadTheDocs a few minutes to sync with the new release and build the new stable and versioned rendering. 

Reviewer 2: I feel like this doesn't really serve much purpose here. Either they'll build without intervention or they won't. You can just say "Verify that they do", at which point you might as well point them to the right page, e.g.,

```suggestion
Verify ReadTheDocs builds complete and publish. If needed, manually
trigger [builds](https://readthedocs.org/projects/bids-specification/builds/)
for `stable` and the most recent tag.
```
